well honey joins us now from Rafa in
southern Gaza and honey as we saw there
another deadly night can you just bring
us up to date on the latest attacks from
canun and the central areas of the strip
that are still
ongoing yes well not only we're looking
at an intense bombing campaign across KH
Unis but in fact there are more
confirmed reports emerging from Khan
Unis and particularly around the
vicinity of hospital this is a
charitable uh Health Care Facility
managed and operated by the Palestine
Rick Cresent Society in KH unit uh where
a snipers took position within its
vicinity and all the remaining high-rise
building in the area and uh the
targeting people who are trapped inside
the hospital these people hundreds of
people have been Sheltering since the
beginning of the ground Invasion and the
theuring the air strikes and and who are
now trying to uh go SAR uh seeking
shelter but they are being shot at by by
the sniper there also report about a
quad captor those are a kind of attack
drones hovering at a very low level in
the skies of KH Unis right now
particularly there is more concentration
now at the western part of Kan Yunis
where there are more uh people who have
been displaced within the past two days
some of them this is their third time
being displaced from the city of kanun
is coming from the eastern part to the
central part to un camp and now to the
Western uh part of the city around the
vicinity of uh alaka University an
academic institution where thousand of
people are Sheltering they're still
inside the facilities unable uh to leave
uh and go for a a safer uh place as of
now we're look at an entire unsafe city
as the bombing continues to uh Target
its towns its refugee camps its public
facilities including Naser hospital so
far there are at least 20 people who
were reported to Naser hospital within
an overnight attacks and early hours of
this morning those who have been
collected identified by the medical
staff a lot of people are forced to bury
uh their relatives and loved ones in the
courtyard of the hospital as it's
becoming very difficult to leave the
hospital not only we're talking about
tanks being positions around the
vicinity of the hospital but also the
attack drones are are are hovering at a
very very low level uh over the
facilities of the of the hospital and
and shooting at every moving object just
turning a place of healing into a battle
zone right now there also confirmed
reports of heavy confrontations between
Palestinian fighting groups on the
ground in Khan unit and is really really
invading forces and what seems to be an
attempt by the fining group to push back
uh the invading forces around the
vicinity and and offer more uh
opportunities for people to leave uh the
area but the vast majority now of the
casualties are from among the civilians
including women and children the Central
Area was also a site of Relentless air
strikes and and bombing in noat as well
as in derah eastern part of der where 13
people reported to Ala Hospital one once
again a reminder to our viewer l
hospital is an overwhelmed Hospital
absolutely overcrowded with with
injuries and and patients and and
thousand of displaced Palestinians
Sheltering in the courtyard of the
hospital and it gradually becoming very
difficult for the hospital to provide
necessary medical uh intervention to
ongoing a flow of injuries okay thanks
so much honey honey mmud for us there in
Rafer in southern Gaza